Spreadsheets (#1783)
enkidevs/curriculum: excel/beginner/charts/what-are-charts.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

levels:
  - beginner

aspects:
  - new
  - workout

type: normal

category: how to

---

# What are charts?

---
## Content

Charts are graphical representations of data. 

> They allow us to create simple representations of data.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't contribute much.

Maybe say something like:

```suggestion
They allow us to combine a lot of information into intuitive visualizations.
```
